the uicpa box six dimensional painters to
what does this cleaning grapes actually do in
the sink lastic presented to the taste danger
for ascends to live his parisian faith 3rd
communal section denture a situation
who watched the change our halftime
population to various organizations that
is part of binational commission
borders solidarity cap summer you must
respect me our fault yesterday a
delegation of the phenomenon that mobilizes and
yachts effect to the visits I said
now how have authorities acted
hurry pressed your face to the disasters
who was keen and mapou to save the year
2004 did not repeat our Parisian funds
at the communal section sakic and 32
localities present side imagions
drought established since innovation
map or bottom wafers there are not me
suspended monte and no Parisian info
surveyed population 20000 my envy my
passed to 4000 world according to estimates
subscribers' stone
organization must wet the area na
kim in interventions authorities have
pressed squeezed the dynamics or sheep
ringtone to boy sounds and nout
effect had the side ottesen side
the ps is waiting binational commission of the
Dominican side and left the high
Vienna
the buzz has so much side to run there
but there it was youpeh pale leave
we never know the border of
German and Dominic tennis malpractice
do not worry problem it's us
same all noted very concerned problem
that I say to these problem ions and we
capable says somehow that they
local etienne we do not have the need for
l avoid
we invited dominique is present in
the contract but good women dump the
content that we organize and the idea that we
could organize it has to press to
representatives from both countries cap where
who according to angie has and guy of ngos
local thursday when the fear we are
the paraguay the park will be first ong
local you or and this is the case
on some occasions actually resorted to
to g at the fact my videos do not tell who
did not have to use there and our
bubble to the water and have spent 500 thousand
U.S. dollars
then we will see what we will see that the
fact and ourselves
josiane date well human as much ca
we it is true that seduces and a
departmental director at well us
it's ridiculous kills for the bunch made summer
advanced for ministers agriculture attaf
intervention because situation
really really worrying because
yes it is necessary to mark the airs of friends
it's done sir or will be because
than at any given moment because abu
past disasters there a good trader or
near museums of the world